### **Introduction**  
Mumbai and Pune are two major cities in India. Both cities become a center of attention for residential, job employment, tourism, education, shopping and sports activity. Both cities are well known in India and become the top choice for local and foreign communities.  
Brief information about both cities:  
**•	Mumbai:** (/mʊmˈbaɪ/; also known as Bombay) is the capital city of the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is the most populous city in India with an estimated city proper population of 12.4 million as of 2011. Along with the neighbouring regions of the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, it is the second most populous metropolitan area in India, with a population of 21.3 million as of 2016. Mumbai lies on the Konkan coast on the west coast of India and has a deep natural harbour. In 2008, Mumbai was named an alpha world city. It is also the wealthiest city in India and has the highest number of millionaires and billionaires among all cities in India.  
(Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mumbai)  
**•	Pune:** (Marathi pronunciation: [puɳe]; English: /ˈpuːnə/;), formerly spelled Poona (1857–1978), is the second largest city in the Indian state of Maharashtra, after Mumbai. It is the ninth most populous city in the country with an estimated population of 3.13 million. Along with its Industrial twin Pimpri Chinchwad and the three cantonment towns of Pune, Khadki and Dehu Road, Pune forms the urban core of the eponymous Pune Metropolitan Region (PMR). According to the 2011 census, the urban area has a combined population of 5.05 million while the population of the metropolitan region is estimated at 7.27 million. Situated 560 metres (1,837 feet) above sea level on the Deccan plateau on the right bank of the Mutha river, Pune is also the administrative headquarters of its namesake district. In the 18th century, the city was the seat of the Peshwas, the prime ministers of the Maratha Empire and so was one of the most important political centers on the Indian subcontinent. Pune is ranked the No. 1 city in India in 'ease of living' ranking index. Pune is also a most important center for civil services training.  
(Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pune)  
### **Objective**  
In this project, we will study in detail the area classification using Foursquare data and machine learning segmentation and clustering. The aim of this project is to segment areas of Mumbai and Pune based on the most common places captured from Foursquare. 
Using segmentation and clustering, we hope we can determine:  
•	The similarity or dissimilarity of both cities  
•	Classification of area located inside the city whether it is residential, tourism places, or others
